# Solomon-Portfolio
CMU "Telling Stories with Data" Portfolio  

# About Me
Hello, my name is André Solomon (He/Him/His) and I am originally from Methuen, Massachusetts (a small town up north from Boston). Before coming to Pittsburgh, I was living in Syracuse University for 5 years. I have a Bachelor of Arts with a concentration of Flute from Syracuse University, while at Heinz pursuing a Masters degree in Arts Management with a concentration in Community Engagement. With both degrees, I hope to enforce social justice for the arts; a belief that the arts are not frivolous but a necessary component of human development. Since I am a minority in the Arts world, both as an artist and arts manager, I want to provide opportunities for people of color to visualize representation; therefore, ownership to actualize their dreams. After I graduate, I am looking to work for a performing arts organization in either Arts Education or Community Engagement, also try to balance being a musician. Besides the constant flow of school, I enjoy talking walks, playing video games, working out and trying to explore hidden gems. In Pittsburgh, I also Co-Direct an organization "Make Music PGH" on the side, which has its annual celebration on the Summer Solstice.
# What I Hope to Learn
Since I am gearing towards a community centric future in the arts, I am looking forward to using data efficiently to tell the stories of undeserved communities. In the arts world, we have a good grasp on intrinsic value, but tend to fail with attaching quantifiable data to these intrinsic experiences. As numbers are tangible, it is crucial in order to secure funding and audience engagement. In addition, I have interest upon the intersections of data/art/design, as an artsy person it is important that visuals are engaging, almost like a social media post.
# Portfolio 
During the course of Mini 2, I will put major projects from "Telling Stories with Data" into this portfolio
